Welcome to the Reasearch Podcast for Thursday, November 15, 2018. The summaries for today's top 5 reports are as follows. Tesla Motors: Second Quarter results just OK, growing pains remain, ability to self-fund still uncertain. We reiterate Underperform rating, with a price objective of 200 USD and an upside of -33.52% for Tesla Motors. Tesla reported 2018 Second Quarter earnings that came in light versus BofAMLe/consensus, although cash burn was a bit better than expected. Post-Second Quarter, we are slightly adjusting our forward estimates, moving our valuation basis year to 2019, and revising our Price Objective to $200. Although Tesla may have a few liquidity levers to pull in 2018, its ability to self-fund still remains very much questionable. Walt Disney Company: Designated survivor. We reiterate Buy rating, with a price objective of 144 USD and an upside of 23.54% for Walt Disney Company. Walt Disney Company' Third Quarter results were ahead of our below consensus forecast driven by stronger Theme Parks and better Media Networks. Walt Disney Company' revenue grew +7% and OI grew +5% (vs. our +7% and +3% estimates). Adjusted EPS of $1.87 was ahead of our $1.84 estimate We are moderating our estimates primarily due to M&A related factors including incremental costs and the suspension of Walt Disney Company' buyback. Constellation Brands: Upping the ante on Cannabis. We reiterate Buy rating, with a price objective of 235 USD and an upside of 15.65% for Constellation Brands. Constellation and Canopy Growth announced an expansion of their relationship which will provide STW with increased exposure to cannabis. We are trimming our 2019-2021 EPS estimates for higher debt levels and our Price Objective to $235. Tencent Holdings Ltd.: Healthy user engagement; digesting regulation impact. We reiterate Buy rating, with a price objective of 459 HKD and an upside of 36.61% for Tencent Holdings. Company's platform continues to see higher user engagement, indicated by growth in time spent, DAU, video consumption & payment. Regulation affected game and fintech biz in 2018 Second Quarter. Expect 2018 Second Half to see mixed trends across segments with a recovery in ad. Alibaba: No major change in strategy; Investment to pick up. We reiterate Buy rating, with a price objective of 230 USD and an upside of 33.54% for Alibaba. Company continues to address large opportunities by reinvesting profit from core biz into O2O, new retail, overseas, Cainiao. Margins will be affected by mix shift in revenues, yet user and engagement trends remain healthy. 1QFY19 booked additional RMB10b in option costs as Ant was revaluated. Ex-SBC, cash profit and revenues were largely inline.  This concludes today's Reasearch Podcast. Thank you for listening!